Update changelog (#4600)
anza-xyz/agave: CHANGELOG.md

    * Add new command `solana feature revoke` for revoking pending feature activations. When a feature is activated, `solana feature revoke <feature-keypair> <cluster>` can be used to deallocate and reassign the account to the System program, undoing the operation. This can only be done before the feature becomes active.
  * Unhide `--accounts-db-access-storages-method` for agave-validator and agave-ledger-tool and change default to `file`
  * Remove tracer stats from banking-trace. `banking-trace` directory should be cleared when restarting on v2.2 for first time. It will not break if not cleared, but the file will be a mix of new/old format. (#4043)

>   * snapshot format change

Reviewer: nit: Capitalize the `S` in snapshot to match capitalization of other lines

Author: done.

>     * A new optional field `accounts_lt_hash` is introduced to bank snapshot. Support for handling this new field is backported to v2.1 only. This change makes v2.2 snapshot incompatible with v2.0 nodes. (#3096).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A new optional field `accounts_lt_hash` is introduced to bank snapshots. Support for reading this new field has been added to v2.1 but not v2.0. Thus, snapshots produced with v2.2 are compatible with v2.1 but incompatible with v2.0 (#3096).
```
One or two nits + tried to make the language very plain/explicit about what is and what isn't compatible

>     * A new optional field `accounts_lt_hash` is introduced to bank snapshots. Support for reading this new field has been added to v2.1 but not v2.0. Thus, snapshots produced with v2.2 are compatible with v2.1 but incompatible with v2.0 (#3096).

Reviewer: Good point about adding to "Breaking" section. I initially thought it might be fine to leave where it is, but rethinking, agreed with moving here.

And the wording works for me. Quick question tho - in the past we had included PR numbers after. I see that we didn't do that for any of the v2.2 lines. Do you know if that was an intentional change, or potentially just an oversight and now NOT including the PR number is consistent with the other v2.2 entries

>     * A new optional field `accounts_lt_hash` is introduced to bank snapshots. Support for reading this new field has been added to v2.1 but not v2.0. Thus, snapshots produced with v2.2 are compatible with v2.1 but incompatible with v2.0 (#3096).

Author: Done. I didn't include the PR number. It seems that we don't have a standard for including PR number here in the doc. 
Some have, some haven't.

>     * A new optional field `accounts_lt_hash` is introduced to bank snapshots. Support for reading this new field has been added to v2.1 but not v2.0. Thus, snapshots produced with v2.2 are compatible with v2.1 but incompatible with v2.0 (#3096).

Reviewer: Good points - no PR number is consistent with v2.2 section so I think that is the move
